Add eks doc (#102)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/EKSScalarTerraformDeploymentGuide.md

# How to create AWS EKS with scalar-terraform

> This document shows how to create AWS Kubernetes Service (EKS) along with a VPC, a bastion host, and database resources using Terraform scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document shows how to create a Kubernetes cluster in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (EKS) along with a VPC, a bastion host, and database resources using Terraform scripts.
```

Author: Thanks! Fixed in c04e773.
